[Music]
Hearing the
bell, the rain of afflictions lightens, wisdom grows, enlightenment arises, may I escape hell, may I
vow to become a Buddha, to save all sentient beings.
Namo,
Lord of the
Underworld, Bodhisattva Ksitigarbha. Namo, Lord of the Underworld,
Bodhisattva Ksitigarbha. Namo, Lord of the
Underworld, Bodhisattva Ksitigarbha.
[Music]
Nguyen, with
sincere heart,
[Music]
sends forth the clouds, incense
wafts throughout the ten directions, offering to the Three Jewels. The
teacher, throughout life, upholds the Dharma, following the nature of compassion, doing
good, together with all sentient beings in the Dharma realm, praying for the Buddha's merciful protection. The
Bodhi mind is firm, the aspiration to
cultivate the Dharma is steadfast,
far from the ocean of suffering and the source of delusion, quickly turning away. Opening the path of
enlightenment, Namo, Incense Offering Bodhisattva.
Namo, Incense Offering Bodhisattva. Namo, Incense Offering
Bodhisattva. Namo, Incense Offering Bodhisattva. Namo, the ten
directions of the Dharma realm, the ever-abiding Three Jewels, the Great
Witness. Namo, the Original Teacher Shakyamuni Buddha.
We
respectfully beseech all Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, and virtuous and holy monks to
witness and protect
us. We respectfully invite all celestial beings, all
divine spirits, and all guardian spirits to descend to the
altar and support us,
your disciples, belonging to the Minh Pho
Thanh Son Dharma Center.  In the Golden Chrysanthemum Club, practicing the Six Harmonies,
currently practicing at Ba
Vang Pagoda, today, March 22nd, 2011 (Year of the
Ox), the family of devotee Pham Van Tuan, Dharma name
Minh Tue,
whose father, Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name
Minh Tri, passed away at 6 PM on
March 20th, 2011 (Year of the Ox), at the age of 85.
Following the Six Harmonies Dharma, and at
the request of the
devotee's family, with the permission of the monks of Ba
Vang Pagoda and the Golden Chrysanthemum Club, and the assignment
of the Dharma assembly, we have come
to the family's home in
Thanh Son Ward, Uong
Bi City, Quang Ninh Province to perform the funeral rites.
We humbly request the power of the Three Jewels, the
vows of the
monks of Ba Vang Pagoda, and the merits of the Six Harmonies
Dharma to save the departed soul. We also respectfully request that if
devotee Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name Minh
Tri, is in the realm of consciousness after passing away, he may
be included in this Dharma
assembly. We also pray that,
whatever realm he is in, his consciousness may be included.
Minh
Tri also received the blessings of
this ceremony, attaining enlightenment and continuing to cultivate Bodhi Mind,
practicing the righteous path. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni
[music]
Great compassion, great mercy,
loving all beings, Great joy, great
salvation,
beautiful and radiant form, we, your humble servants, with sincere hearts, great benefactors
[music] With sincere hearts, we
bow to all Buddhas of the three periods, the
fragrant emptiness of the Dharma realm [
music] With holy hearts, we bow to all the righteous Dharma of the
three periods, the
good emptiness of the Dharma realm. With sincere hearts, we
bow to all the Sangha, the virtuous and holy ones of the
three periods, the good emptiness of the
Dharma realm.
All of us now move to the
altar for the deceased to receive offerings of food and
incense, and flowers for the family.
[music]
All family members kneel to invite the
consciousness of the
radiant golden body, the pure and sublime, to shine brightly throughout the nine
realms of the young souls.
May the lost souls be guided
through this delusion, transforming into a lotus flower. Namo, guiding the path, great
vow, Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva. Namo,
guiding the path, great vow, Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva.
Namo, guiding the path, great vow,
Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva.
[music] Incense and
Flowers  Offering incense and flowers, we respectfully invoke the Buddha-nature, the Buddha-
nature, to distinguish the
Buddha-nature, which is constantly present in the cycle of birth, death, and rebirth, and the
long path to Nirvana.
[Music]
Now, in Vietnam, Quang Ninh province, the family of
Pham Van Tuan, Dharma name
Minh Tue, respectfully invites the
Buddha-nature of Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name Minh
Tri, to leave his physical body at 6 PM on
March 20th, 2011 (Year of the Ox), at the age of 80.
We pray to hear the sound of the bell of Nghi Loi,
respectfully inviting the enlightened one to witness the
rules of the funeral procession. We offer incense
and flowers. We invite the family to offer rice to the Buddha-nature. [Music] The four elements of the body have dissolved, the time for the funeral procession has arrived. We offer rice and water,
kneeling with sincere hearts, hoping the
Buddha-nature of Pham Van Thuong,
Dharma name Minh Chi, will receive the rice and
soup and
know compassion. Namo Sat Pha Da
Ta Nga Da and Lo Chi to the Three Jewels, the
Three Mothers, Namo Sat and Da Da Tan, Namo
Sat and Da Da Phat.
Only to him, Tam Bac, Tam Bac Gia, Hong,
Thuy  The saying goes, "Throwing the motorbike out"
[music]
The whole family offers rice to the deceased
[music] The
entire family, the Threefold Retinue, the Buddhist consciousness,
Second Ceremony
[music]
Wishing for the Buddhist consciousness to receive the food,
attain enlightenment, and be at peace. Listening to the
Sutras and respecting the Dharma, the Bodhisattva mind opens the
Bodhi Dharma, vowing to continue
diligently without wavering, attaining absolute peace and
joy. Namo Ever Diligent Bodhisattva Maha Bodhisattva, Namo Ever Diligent Bodhisattva Maha Bodhisattva, Namo Ever Diligent
Bodhisattva Maha
Bodhisattva,
what ceremony is this? The Chau Long mourning family, with
one heart, offers thanks. Fourth Ceremony
[music]
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, at
this time, we invite the entire Threefold Retinue to
proceed to the place where the coffin is placed so that we may
perform the ceremony of starting the funeral. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni
[music] O
Buddhist consciousness Pham Van
Thuong, Dharma name Minh Tri, listen!
O Buddhist consciousness Pham Van
Thuong  Dharma name Minh Tri, please listen to
the Buddha's teachings on how to let go of
attachment to the physical
body of sentient beings, composed of the four elements: earth,
water, wind, and fire. What comes together must also fall apart according
to the law of impermanence.
Buddhist consciousness, please
pay attention to the following: Rely on the
Buddha, Dharma, and Sangha; Seek Enlightenment and Supreme
Bodhi. Namo, seeking enlightenment, Bodhisattva Mahasattva. [Applause] Opening Ceremony: Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni
Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni Buddha.
[Music] Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni
Buddha. At
this time, please ask the organizing committee to continue
assisting the family with the administrative rituals.
[Music]
Buddhist devotee Pham Van Thuong,
Dharma name Minh Tri, please listen to the
Buddha's teachings.
All conditioned phenomena are like dreams, illusions,
like mist and lightning. Contemplate them
in this way, abandon all attachments, and attain liberation and Nirvana. The path
begins with the Buddha's name. Namo
Shakyamuni Buddha, ...  The Buddha's
colorful song,
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni, Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni
[music]